Ben Baumer 

Patrick Flaherty

Martha Hoopes is a professor of Biological Sciences at Mount Holyoke College and co-Chair of Mount Holyoke's Data Science Initiatives. She is an ecologist who focuses on spatial questions in population and community dynamics with a particular interest in the spread and impacts of invasive plant species. Her research straddles experimental and theoretical ecology.

Nicholas Horton is a Professor of Statistics at Amherst College with research interests in missing data methods and statistical computing.  He serves on the National Academies "Envisioning Undergraduate Data Science Education" study and the "Data Science Education" roundtable.

Albert Kim is an Assistant Professor of Statistics at Middlebury College. Prior to joining Middlebury, he was a Decision Support Engineering Analyst in the AdWords division of Google Inc and a Visiting Assistant Professor of Statistics at Reed College.

Benjamin Marlin joined the College of Information and Computer Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2011. He co-directs the Machine Learning for Data Science lab at UMass Amherst where he also serves as Director of Educational Programs for the Center for Data Science. His current research centers on the development of customized probabilistic models and algorithms for time series with applications to the analysis of electronic health records and mobile health data. Marlin is a 2014 NSF CAREER award recipient and a 2013 Yahoo! Faculty Research Engagement Program award recipient. Prior to joining UMass Amherst, Marlin was a fellow of the Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences and the Killam Trusts at the University of British Columbia. He completed his PhD in machine learning in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto.

Andrew McCallum

Amelia McNamara is a visiting assistant professor of Statistical and Data Sciences at Smith College, as well as a MassMutual Faculty Fellow. Her research interests include statistical computing and statistics education. 

Ethan Meyers is an Assistant Professor of Statistics at Hampshire College (for the past 3 years) and is a research affiliate at the Center for Brains, Minds and Machines at MIT. Ethan Meyers’ research develops machine learning methods that are useful for analyzing neural data.

Ramesh Sitaraman

Neena Thota teaches Introductory Programming, Data Structures, and Software Engineering at the College of Information and Computer Sciences, UMASS, Amherst. She has numerous publications on research in computing education, educational technologies, learning and assessment taxonomies, methodological frameworks for research, and pedagogic theories.

Amy Wagaman is an Associate Professor of Statistics at Amherst College. Her research interests range from multivariate data analysis to statistics education, with recent applied work on protein folding via network analysis. 

